- Hello. - Hello.
- You should have this. - Thanks.
My name is Joo Eun Hye.
Do you remember that one stalker who hid under your bed?
I saw someone who looked like her in the parking lot.
I'm a fan of yours. Can I get a picture with you?
Sa Jin Jin's death day? Then will that brat die today?
Wait a moment.
Did you put in the bleach?
What's this?
Hey, let's go.
(Gong Ji Won)
Hello?
Did you check the V.S.?
Her temperature, pulse, and breathing are all normal.
It'll take us 10 minutes to get to the hospital.
Sa Jin Jin.
(Jeong Eun)
(Emergency Room)
Jin Jin.
Jin Jin? What happened?
I'm her guardian.
(Myeongjin Hospital)
Excuse me, where can I find Sa Jin Jin?
- Where's her guardian? - She's right here.
Are you her guardian?
Yes.
We pumped her stomach. Fortunately, there's no damage to her esophagus.
But she'll need to be hospitalized for a few days just in case.
After she gets some rest, we'll move her to a room.
All right. Thank you.
(The ninth story: 10 Reasons Why I Can't Love You)
(Episode 17)
Where is Sa Jin Jin?
She's over there.
Jin Jin. Jin Jin.
How to protect someone special?
You have to make an assumption.
What if you're never able to see that person again?
Or what if that person is with someone else?
How would you feel then?
Is there someone you can't stand to lose?
Someone that you just don't want...
to lose?
For a week starting today, Anthony's your FM Date DJ.
- Jin Jin. - Jin Jin.
You're awake.
Can you see me?
It's okay. I'm here now. You'll be fine.
My poor thing. How did you manage without me?
- I'm sorry. - Because of me,
you cut your trip short.
What if it had gotten really bad while we were away?
It's such a relief that Anthony got to you in time.
Anthony was here?
We were too flustered,
and he had to leave in a hurry for work.
We couldn't thank him properly.
How did you think of calling him?
She thinks quickly on her feet.
(Gong Ji Won)
(When pedestrians cross)
- That's it. - Kiss.
Don't they deserve some applause?
Ji Won, did you ever think...
Jin Jin was pretty?
Right? Aren't you so cute?
No, you.
Are you Sa Jin Jin's guardian?
Yes.
I'm so sorry I'm late.
What's wrong with you? Why did you disappear?
Why did you say you were here? Why didn't you answer your phone?
Don't you care about the people waiting?
Is this how irresponsible you are?
This is the thrill of doing live shows.
It feels like your heart's dipped into cold then hot water.
I apologize.
You got here at 59 minutes. Everything's fine.
The song will end in 30 seconds.
Good luck, Anthony.
Thank you.
What happened? I thought your stalker had gotten to you.
I'll explain later.
Call Chamjin's President Jang.
Right now.
What a complete psycho.
His manager said she was a famous hardcore fan.
She called and visited all the time, sent weird gifts,
and hid under his bed.
They couldn't upset a fan, so...
She isn't a fan.
What fan would bother him?
You're right. They think that...
a fan can get away with anything they do.
"I did it out of love."
How dare they talk such garbage?
People like that aren't fans.
They should all be sent to prison...
and made to face a wall all day.
That's what Anthony said.
- What? - Don't ever forgive her.
Did I burden him with my troubles?
Sorry, Jin Jin. It's all my fault.
I failed to check the drinks.
No, no. It's my fault.
I had no idea my superstar was in trouble.
I was going crazy over some grilled intestines.
Yes. It's all your fault.
What'll you do about the smell?
You reek.
(Radio station)
Going down.
What is going on inside your head?
- Why? - When she bothered you,
you acted like a complete saint. Why are you so aggressive now?
She has to pay for what she did.
Are you sticking up for yourself now?
How did you go to the hospital...
when you cared about morals?
Did you not care about the live radio show?
Did you not care about me?
Sorry. I really am.
When you rushed over to Jin Jin,
was your frontal lobe paralyzed or something?
What?
Did your instincts override reason?
There you go again.
(Sa Jin Jin)
I heard you came to the hospital today.
I'm on the mend.
Thanks for coming over during your busy schedule.
If you're worried about me, you don't have to be.
I was unlucky enough to meet someone strange.
Sorry.
(Delete)
Okay. Get well soon.
(Call Logs)
Well... I wasn't able to go to the hospital.
I left right away. I barely made it to the radio station on time.
Right. I met Jin Jin's parents.
They seemed nice.
They're great people.
That's why Jin Jin's so kind.
Yes.
It's my fault.
I feel terrible.
Don't be too bothered. You did nothing wrong.
It's my fault.
Would Jin Jin feel uncomfortable if I showed that I'm worried?
Of course. She would.
The moon's so bright tonight.
Talking to you makes me...
crave some soju.
(Call Logs)
Gosh.
(The Bongos)
Sa Jin Jin, you're home. Welcome back.
See you at our hideout.
Ji Won will be there too.
He said he's home. Spend time with him before we meet.
"Gong Ji Won."
"Did I ask you to bring orange juice or to buy peaches?"
"How can you not show up when your friend is sick?"
"Weren't you worried? Why couldn't you even text me?"
"It looks like our 35-year friendship meant nothing."
"Drinking bleach then getting my stomach pumped? It's nothing."
"I got so angry and frustrated because of you!"
No. No.
Let's take out that angry part.
Wait, why should I? Why should I do that?
Why should I?
I don't have anything to be sorry about.
No, I am sorry.
I'm dying to know how he is.
Darn it.
Gong Ji Won, why didn't you come...
What are you doing? He's gone.
He left.
- To where? - Home.
Didn't I tell you?
My house got fixed up. I should be going home.
I've been living in someone else's house when I had my own.
"Someone else's"?
I had to unpack, and I had a lot of work...
in Hong Kong.
That's why I couldn't visit. I'm sorry.
Are you disappointed?
I had my reasons, so please let me off.
How are you? Are you all right?
Wow, you asked her that so quickly.
She's sitting here because she's fine.
When she collapsed, your brother was the first one there.
He was there even before her parents were.
- Really? - What happened was...
Wow, Jin Jin, good for you. Anthony was your guardian.
So if you were disappointed, don't be.
I wasn't disappointed.
Good girl.
Then I'll give you a piece of fried chicken.
Your favorite, drumstick.
Eat up. You need to eat more.
Young Shim, did you like wings?
Then a wing for you.
Ah Reum, you like chicken breast, right?
Here you go.
Are you telling me to lose weight?
Why are you giving me chicken breast?
You like dry meat.
No one likes chicken breasts. I don't want it.
Okay, then. Have a wing.
- I want a drumstick. - There's only one left.
- I'm so full. I ate so much. - You should take care of yourself.
- You didn't even eat much. - Jin Jin, you got thinner.
- Bye. - Bye.
- Bye. - Bye, guys.
Ah Reum, Young Shim.
I'll go with you.
I need to stop by the convenience store.
Do you want to come?
No.
Let's go.
- All right. - What's with you?
- Bye. - I heard you're moving out.
- Yes. - Don't let any guys in, okay?
Why not? I should be letting them in.
Hey, what does an analyst do anyway?
- Yes, what's an analyst? - That sounds dirty.
What? Do you think an analyst sounds dirty?
- Ji Won is weird, isn't he? - Definitely.
- Did you catch that too? - I'm not an idiot.
Right? He likes me, doesn't he?
Goodness, I hate myself for being so popular.
Thank you.
[VIU Ver] E17 20th Century Boy & Girl
"10 Reasons Why I can't Love You"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Why?
You like Jin Jin, don't you?
Hey, at least give me some time to get ready.
You don't get that. Just answer us.
- Yes. - Why didn't you visit her?
- Did you two fight? - No.
Then what? Is there a change in feelings or an obstacle?
We wouldn't have anything like that.
Are you concerned about her being on "We Got Married"...
with your brother?
Not at all.
Hey, if your brother said he liked Jin Jin, would you back down?
I never thought of that.
And Jin Jin isn't Chul Min's type.
Gosh, you're so sly.
You and Jin Jin can't be friends anyway.
- Why not? - The moment you like someone,
you can never be friends with them anymore.
Please don't let your imagination run wild.
And don't be so prude either.
Ji Won.
I really support your first love.
So be honest.
Why do you suddenly act so awkward?
It's as if you're trying to draw a line between...
I'm not drawing any lines. We're really friends.
I mean it. Come on.
No, you don't.
You're so transparent.
You're too transparent, Ji Won.
He's never honest. I told you.
Leave him alone. He'll figure it out.
Everything stopped.
My world stopped...
in your universe.
You make me think about and wait on you.
You give me a small hope.
I tell myself that...
the river in my heart will quiet down.
That it'll become a quiet stream.
But in a second, my heart is overflowing with the ocean.
It also says, "It's all right."
Will I be all right after this night?
Will the sunlight, the light of the universe,
and our world become a different place tomorrow?
You must have a lot to prepare for your first trial.
It'll be in a few days.
Yes, you're right.
It'll be helpful for you to look into other trials.
You should attend the trials whenever you have time.
Yes, I'll do that.
Will you return at 1pm today as well?
- You should eat too. - Okay.
Enjoy your lunch.
- Hello. - Yes, welcome.
- How many? - Just me.
Let's see...
Oh, over there. That seat.
Okay.
Do you come here often?
Almost every single day.
You must like beef soup.
I do.
I'm Korean, after all.
What about you?
Me too. I'm Korean too.
By any chance,
would you like to eat with me from time to time?
Mondays and Thursdays?
If that's okay with you.
Sounds wonderful.
Come eat.
I'm not eating.
Mom made braised short ribs.
She made a whole lot because Ji Won wanted to eat it.
Gosh, Ji Won got...
the best meat available.
Tell him to come eat upstairs.
How would he eat without the soup? He would need side dishes.
Young people don't eat properly.
This would do as an emergency food supply when he gets hungry.
Min Ho, go give this to Ji Won.
Why should I? Send her.
Mom says you should eat proper meals.
All right.
Tell her that I'm grateful.
What's wrong?
What?
Mom told me to bring the pot back.
Your house seems nice.
Yes.
- Did you remodel it? - Yes.
Should I do it?
No.
Should we do it together?
Is there anything I can help with?
It's fine.
Ji Won isn't receiving my call. He must have left.
Gosh, he should've at least eaten.
He probably left after drinking milk.
You should have cooked rice porridge for him.
I'm thinking of doing that starting tomorrow.
Gosh, it's not easy to ignore the empty seat.
The house feels so empty with Ji Won gone.
Mom, you have a handsome son. Why do you care for him so much?
Don't you feel like you need to learn something from him?
Gosh.
Gosh, I should have at least fed him before he left for work.
It's fine. I'll eat this.
(Start Running)
(12 minutes 31 seconds)
This is President Gong Ji Won of National Chemicals.
He will help our brand become a global cosmetic.
Nice to meet you. I'm Gong Ji Won.
(Episode 18 will air shortly.)